trigedit 28003
6  
/c 
wait 1
if %speech% == pesce
give pesce %actor.name%
elseif %speech% == verdura
give verdura %actor.name%
elseif %speech% == carne
give carne %actor.name%
elseif %speech% == frutta
give frutta %actor.name%
elseif %speech% == torta
give torta %actor.name%
elseif %speech% == pagnotta
give pagnotta %actor.name%
elseif %speech% == focaccia
give focaccia %actor.name%
elseif %speech% == pizza
give pizza %actor.name%
elseif %speech% == dolce
give dolce %actor.name%
elseif %speech% == pane
give pane %actor.name%
elseif %speech% == zuppa
give zuppa %actor.name%
end
~
/s
q
y
